README.md, before:

This repository contains fonts distributed as part of AsteroidOS images. It has
been created to centralize in a single versioning system the various fonts in
use.

### Licenses ###

| Font | License |
| --- | --- |
| [Source Sans Pro](SourceSansPro-Semibold.ttf) [Source Sans Pro - Regular](SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf)| The font "Source Sans Pro" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Paul D Hunt](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Source+Sans+Pro). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)|
| [Roboto Flex](RobotoFlex-VariableFont_GRAD,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght.ttf) | The font "Roboto Flex" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Font Bureau, David Berlow, Santiago Orozco, Irene Vlachou, Ilya Ruderman, Yury Ostromentsky, Mikhail Strukov ](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto+Flex/about). [license](https://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)|
| [Outfit](Outfit-Regular.ttf) | The font "Outfit" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Rodrigo Fuenzalida](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Rodrigo+Fuenzalida). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL) |
| [Open Sans](OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf) | The font "Open Sans Condensed" is licensed under Apache License version 2.0 and was created by [Steve Matteson](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Steve%20Matteson). [license](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) |
| Open Sans and Roboto | are licensed under the Apache License v2.0, you can find a copy of this license in the COPYING-Apachev2 file. |
| FatCow | is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0: http://www.1001fonts.com/fatcow-font.html you can find a copy of this license in the COPYING-CCBY3.0 file.|
| Twemoji | has two licenses, the code is licensed under MIT, you can find a copy of this license in the COPYING-MIT-Twemoji file. Graphics are licensed under CC-BY 4.0, you can find a copy of this license in the COPYING-CCBY4.0 file.|
| [Sunflower](Sunflower_Light.ttf) | The font "Sunflower" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by The Sunflower Project Authors. [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL) |
| [Arkhip](Arkhip_font.ttf) | The font "Arkhip" is free for personal and comercial use and was created by Ivan Klimov, Irina Dementieva, Alexei Tikhonov Dominic [Klimov Design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/24073667/Arkhip-Typeface-Free). |
| [Montserrat](Montserrat-Regular.ttf) | The font "Montserrat" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [The Montserrat project](https://github.com/JulietaUla/Montserrat). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)|
| [BebasKai](BebasKai-Regular.otf), [Bebas Neue](bold-hour-bebas-v2/usr/share/fonts/BebasNeueBold.ttf) | The fonts "BebasKai" and "Bebas Neue" are licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Dharma Type](http://www.dharmatype.com/). [license](bold-hour-bebas/usr/share/fonts/License.txt) |
| [Titillium-Bold](Titillium-Bold.otf), [Titillium-Regular](Titillium-Regular.otf), [Titillium-Thin](Titillium-Thin.otf) | The font "Titillium" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created at the [Accademia di Belle Arti di Urbino](http://www.campivisivi.net/titillium/). [license](greenium/usr/share/fonts/OFL.txt)|
| [Fyodor](Fyodor-BoldCondensed.ttf) | The font "Fyodor" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Chris Hughes](http://fyodor.blueroomcollective.co.uk/). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)|
| [Raleway](Raleway-Regular.ttf) | The font "Raleway" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Matt McInerney](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Matt%20McInerney) & [Pablo Impallari](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Pablo%20Impallari). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)|
| LeagueSpartan, Noto Sans, Symbola and Xolonium | are licensed under the SIL Open Font License v1.1. You can find a copy of this license in the COPYING-OFL file.|

Commit message:

Update Readme.md mit latest added fonts Signika and PT Sans

README.md, after:

This repository contains fonts distributed as part of AsteroidOS images. It has
been created to centralize in a single versioning system the various fonts in
use.

### Licenses ###

| Font | License |
| --- | --- |
| [Source Sans Pro](SourceSansPro-Semibold.ttf) [Source Sans Pro - Regular](SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf)| The font "Source Sans Pro" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Paul D Hunt](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Source+Sans+Pro). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)|
| [Roboto Flex](RobotoFlex-VariableFont_GRAD,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght.ttf) | The font "Roboto Flex" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Font Bureau, David Berlow, Santiago Orozco, Irene Vlachou, Ilya Ruderman, Yury Ostromentsky, Mikhail Strukov ](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto+Flex/about). [license](https://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)|
| [Outfit](Outfit-Regular.ttf) | The font "Outfit" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Rodrigo Fuenzalida](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Rodrigo+Fuenzalida). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL) |
| [Open Sans](OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf) | The font "Open Sans Condensed" is licensed under Apache License version 2.0 and was created by [Steve Matteson](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Steve%20Matteson). [license](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) |
| Open Sans and Roboto | are licensed under the Apache License v2.0, you can find a copy of this license in the COPYING-Apachev2 file. |
| FatCow | is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0: http://www.1001fonts.com/fatcow-font.html you can find a copy of this license in the COPYING-CCBY3.0 file.|
| Twemoji | has two licenses, the code is licensed under MIT, you can find a copy of this license in the COPYING-MIT-Twemoji file. Graphics are licensed under CC-BY 4.0, you can find a copy of this license in the COPYING-CCBY4.0 file.|
| [Sunflower](Sunflower_Light.ttf) | The font "Sunflower" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by The Sunflower Project Authors. [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL) |
| [Montserrat](Montserrat-Regular.ttf) | The font "Montserrat" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [The Montserrat project](https://github.com/JulietaUla/Montserrat). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)|
| [BebasKai](BebasKai-Regular.otf), [Bebas Neue](bold-hour-bebas-v2/usr/share/fonts/BebasNeueBold.ttf) | The fonts "BebasKai" and "Bebas Neue" are licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Dharma Type](http://www.dharmatype.com/). [license](bold-hour-bebas/usr/share/fonts/License.txt) |
| [Titillium-Bold](Titillium-Bold.otf), [Titillium-Regular](Titillium-Regular.otf), [Titillium-Thin](Titillium-Thin.otf) | The font "Titillium" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created at the [Accademia di Belle Arti di Urbino](http://www.campivisivi.net/titillium/). [license](greenium/usr/share/fonts/OFL.txt)|
| [Fyodor](Fyodor-BoldCondensed.ttf) | The font "Fyodor" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Chris Hughes](http://fyodor.blueroomcollective.co.uk/). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)|
| [Raleway](Raleway-Regular.ttf) | The font "Raleway" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by [Matt McInerney](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Matt%20McInerney) & [Pablo Impallari](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Pablo%20Impallari). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)|
| LeagueSpartan, Noto Sans, Symbola and Xolonium | are licensed under the SIL Open Font License v1.1. You can find a copy of this license in the COPYING-OFL file.|
| [PT Sans](PTSans-Regular.ttf) | The font "PT Sans" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was created by Designed by Alexandra Korolkova, Olga Umpeleva and Vladimir Yefimov and released by ParaType in 2009. [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL) |
| [Signika](Signika-VariableFont_wght.ttf) | The font "Signika" is licensed under SIL Open Font License and was [created by Ancymonic](https://github.com/Ancymonic/Signika). [license](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL) |
